before I begin let me start by saying
you can try to do everything right in
your life but you fail to kiss one one
time and you don't get blow the [ __ ] up
and your wife called Odie and the mom
going hit a home run would you be a fest
head the stars of our movie today
ah some good fellows - Henry + ginger
and the man she loves not him him who
play our story begins in Vegas in 1983
houses right there with this six of some
named ace played by Robert De Niro my
man talking about how you gotta create a
little circle of trust or somesuch
just before it gets blowed the [ __ ] up I
told you well duh
hey Robert De Niro this is the Nero
dummy but when you think about how this
happened to a man who was just talking
about trust
what the hell chance the rest of us have
is that what trust to get you blow the
[ __ ] up and you say I'm a suit and tie
finding De Niro dumb ass through the
flames of hell our story really begins
with ace and his childhood friend Nicky
back some time before Nicky struck out
and haste went flying high giving you
the setup for the real beginning of the
story and the set up is basically that
ace is a professional handicapper he's
so good in fact that a bunch of old mob
thoughts who lay low cranky have set him
up in charge of a donut shop just
playing a casino called the Tangiers and
this is a story of how things turned out
for a man who plays by the book and I
want to rain on your parade but it turns
out not so great as you've already been
shown by the genero dummy in Santa suit
boom-boom incident so our story really
really begins ten years earlier before
aces slight engine problems where he
tells us about the prestige of running a
casino and how the razzle-dazzle in
showbiz is just to get your money well I
sure am glad all the casinos do that but
this casino is the worst about it
because the mob boss bit send a certain
good fella every month to take large
sums of money back to the mob bosses
before it's accounted for and the IRS
can tax them on it well I can't say I
really blame them for that I know that's
hard for you sticklers to understand doc
know your eyes and crossing all your T's
on your tax returns like gue little
citizens not claiming your cat as a
dependent
and not counting on a pencil sharpener
as a business expense but hey you're a
bigger man to me who you to judge me you
see my cat that fat bit eats a lot most
of y'all duck children and of course any
legitimate business needs some nice guys
who golf with the president to let
people know that nothing is crooked
they're so legitimate that they know all
ace has to do to run the casino is apply
for a gaming license and while it's
process and have someone else act like
they're running their casino too legit
to quit
and because ace is a clever bitten has
making money down to an almost psychotic
science he's got good old Nicky watching
his back front left right top and bottom
okay maybe nice bottom ain't that close
oh maybe they are I'm not aware of their
sexual proclivities so you got a friend
in it don't you wish you had a friend
who would do this to a victor gave you
lip about opinion a pen man the depth of
their friendship knows no bounds though
as you'll see later they both know the
depth of the same woman okay sometimes
the bonds of friendship can go a bit too
far but this bromance is the
money-making dream team only downside
about running this cash cows that ace
has to give jobs to every family member
of the influential political perks that
help keep things easy for the casino
even if their first and last name might
be Cletus and the security up in this
just tighter than aces so and he's on
the job I mean these bits watch these
bits these bits are watching these bits
these bits are watching those bits those
bits are watching them bits then bits
are watching these bits that bit us
watching those bits and aces watching
all the bits and even the camera be
watching ace and even h be watching the
camera which is exactly how a finds this
bit and to ginger a true hustla of the
only selling persuasion that's the nice
things you have good things to say about
her meanwhile nikki and ace have a
little conversation when nikki says hey
i hear you're doing pretty damn well out
here what'd you say I come on out here
and look everything up and for a little
while Nikki and his family they just
tell average everyday run-of-the-mill
kind of neighborly folk who look like
they followed the rules obey the law and
won't get beat to death with the same
sports equipment that Lily child is
using and nothing of stick LaHaye worse
than a mother
ingredient cheater you don't cheat on
hand you gonna lose a
and I'll just be glad she wasn't
cheating at billiards and lose your
balls well Nick is pretending to have
his together ace is trying to keep
everything in order like the good little
stickler he is by getting the bun in the
oven before he marries the Baker see
sometimes you gotta do that kind of [ __ ]
you got to do things wrong to get things
right you know like how you got to do a
donut in the car your test-drive enough
how you got taste the milk before you
buy the couch you know I'm saying well
no my widow
fortunately ginger is definitely not
hooked on a pimp boyfriend and bound for
a life of alcoholism and a drug overdose
so ace will not walk in on her right
after their wedding while she sobs
during a kind of phone sex call with a
childhood pimp and not get that [ __ ]
marriage annulled pronto
you know man loves you when he will see
to the sacrifice of 150 tiny chinchilla
mammals just to keep your coke addicted
warm and in style it's so romantic and
look at all this gold he gonna buy for
you to try to sell to go back to you
coke addicted pimp but she won't even
have to because you gonna give her the
key to two million dollars in cash money
because she is proven by that sob sex
fest on the phone that she is
emotionally stable loving count agape
love that's what this is so step up Jim
Jim could only dream Oh Jeff a little
salty [ __ ] today and not only does
Nikki cause problems but everyone around
that so does too
look at this bit with his smelly can
feet up on that table like he owned the
joint de Paz smell like funk own cheese
roll through pigs
ain't nothing Jim hate worse than a
kicking stinky host my nose smells and
mother-in Hicks I'm sure you all feel
the same meanwhile he's just trying to
improve the casino any way he knows how
maybe somebody should find a DeLorean
and go back in time and tell them that
the real market value is in the big
butts
meanwhile Nikki's been terrorizing the
whole damn town and he gets put in
something called the black book and gets
banned from every casino in Las Vegas
just goes to show it might take a few
years of doing dumb [ __ ]
but eventually you gonna be putting you
in place and they says and what Nikki
didn't understand is once he's in the
black book he's in there with both me
you know because I played our component
the untouchables so Nikki the FBI
they'll be watching you
so Nikki do a bunch of illegals who
shocked and he makes so much damn money
he's running out of places to put the
money so Nikki how about this take all
that money and shove it up your all the
way up in your we gotta keep this tidy
and be sure don't fall out you know
subplot here
it's called low Joe and then Nikki brag
about how he had to keep the big bosses
happy so every time they gave him a job
he would do it as he says to a tee well
that's good to know
conducting all your crime and shipshape
condition if you want to know just how
cleanly he conducts his business look no
further than this here bang-up job
you'll have to watch this on your own
ain't showing this film if I'd like to
keep it clean here huh here go this
Cletus yokel again ace you better kiss
that dummy he's the county commissioners
brother-in-law child and if you want
that gaming license you better not find
him but ace like so many of the play by
the rules kind naively believes that it
doesn't matter if you with the family of
people that matter my god man does your
days as a Corleone as teach you nothing
you're gonna rue the day you crossed
Cletus Cletus
oh yeah and you speedballing
ball-and-chain needs more money and they
says can I trust you I mean can you
really trust another human being ginger
no the answer is you cannot now they
play beat the clock I mean beaten I mean
[ __ ] to pimp
the way I see it everybody takes a
beating sometime so ginger needs a
shoulder to cry on a very short shoulder
to cry on I mean so short you go ahead
to Crouch to cry on it
all right back to acing whoa I always
thought this man was hot but mrs. De
Niro those your legs are you just riding
a wrinkle chicken now time for age to
start ruling cuz Cletus brother in law
in the house and county commissioner
Bubba in law wanting his inbred cousin
to have his job back but a says did I
not clearly explain the circle of trust
to you see if I can't trust you then I
have no choice but to put you right back
outside the circle and once you're out
you're out there's no coming back
and Bubba in law says then I'm not
clearly state what keeps you in this
state see if you don't kiss my check
behind then I have no choice but to kick
you right back outside of Nevada and
once you're out your
there's no coming back so the ball in
pain keep crying about the pimp the mob
boss is getting pissed that somebody's
robbing the money they robbed by the
people they paying to rob it and the mob
sends our deepest Cano to Vegas to be
sure the robbers don't rob the mob and
Asia's connection to Nicky draws more
attention to old chicken legs while
brother-in-law puts more pressure on the
powers that be to deny a sore gaming
license or you know what let's just see
if we can pretend he never applied for
it and chicken run his side of town and
aints keep preaching I just want to play
by the rules and [ __ ] like rules what
rules
oh those rules the rules so the FBI
watched Nicky even more and they tap out
his deli and have big fun listen to that
dumpster running his mouth about the
casino employees honestly thought he was
going to get a fair trial for
politicians that cheat on their wives if
two dumpsters argue in the desert and
nobody gets poked in thanks for the
cactus what's the argument also
pointless but that don't keep that
selfish shrimp from getting all up in
some a space-age don't you know you
could very easily squash that rat plus
another 149 similar-sized pest just like
him and make your wife another coat oh
look who ain't trustworthy let's take a
quick poll who shot a not me
B not me si not me Oh Dee Jeff stop with
this books can get back to the movie oh
my God look who finally growth can brain
races tired of this bull get you can't
take your damn money and can't get out
and yeah and now I'm just playing I'm
glad you're home have a beeper guess I
can keep tabs on you cheatin you pimp
don't get ready for a [ __ ] the
Squeakquel get it because he's the size
of a chipmunk it has the same vocal
range I hope you enjoy your shrimp
cocktail
whoo and yet be honest having a girl
time watching this show they probably
feeling emotional connection of these
characters like they watching The Young
and the Restless probably sitting there
with their cameras and by nights eating
bonbons saying Paul ace but ace finds
out and he and Nikki both decide they
have had enough of this crazy so she
goes to the bank and gets the money in
the lockbox it's in her name because ace
chests and then the dominoes come
tumbling down the house of cards gets
blown over the chips are down is that
enough metal balls okay good the point
is just hits the fan and it makes a big
ol mess
whoo and a bunch of folks get off and
ginger runs out of money in life and now
we're back to the dinero dummy but what
the culprit didn't realize is the
factory installed a metal plate under
the driver's seat of that model car so
essentially after all this nonsense the
only thing a sever [ __ ] did right is
buy a car that would protect us in the
event that his bastard of a best friend
decided to bang his bit and blow him up
and that right there is the saddest
sentence I've ever spoke and to my
bosses make sure Nikki strikes out and a
SCO's to San Diego to work as a handy
cafe in horse racing because yeah you
know that's full of law-abiding
do-gooders and that's that band be sure
to LIKE share and subscribe because if
there's anything you can bear on it's
men it's the only pure thing in this God
forsaken world you can expect me to
upload more videos every time I feel
like I get one just right you know what
helps me getting right money I'm trying
to out of you and I trying to get rich
and I won't waste you know to casino I
just want to keep the channel going
thank you to all these folks for helping
and special thank you to these special
aces Dan W o Anna M Donna G Grady L and
Melanie M full moon is explain fall I'm
Jeb Oh died I just hope I don't have
nightmares about them nylon covered
chicken legs
[Music]